Eric Chen

ENGL 071B

Professor Schmidt

9/27/2019

Come up with title

In Henri Cole's "The Roman Baths at NÃ®mes", a public bathhouse provides
the environment for the speaker to reflect, repent and discover himself.
Yet the speaker projects his mental anxieties onto this possibly
imagined bathhouse, creating an introspective, disorienting space. The
first line reads as follows: "In the hall of mirrors nobody speaks." The
"hall of mirrors" turns the speaker's gaze back on itself, turning a
descriptive act into a reflective one. In a hall of mirrors, he is
constantly reminded of his enclosure: whichever way he turns, he is met
with an image of himself. Yet this hall is at once claustrophobic and
agoraphobic, since mirrors pointing opposite each other tend towards
infinity, duplicating everything in between. Further, the mirrors in
this hallway replace doors and windows in a regular one, respectively
markers of opportunity and the outside world. Thus, whoever looks in the
hall of mirrors is trapped and cut off from the exterior, left only with
the self (or rather, thousands of selves).

If the first line makes it clear that the space confounds the act of
seeing, the second line equally destabilizes the act of hearing.

talk about ostensibly moving on to a new description but still being
stuck due to the echo, it's like saying something different but still
having it sound the same.

talk about the "internal rhyme" echo, then how can there be an echo if
"nobody speaks"

2 possibilities: he is nobody in 2 senses 1) figuratively, unimportant
etc., 2) unstable/groundless identity (more literal) -- questions the
existence/being-ness of the speaker.

This interiority is stark: just himself,

then talk about doors and windows

disorienting for both sight and sound -- "nobody speaks" rather than "it
is silent"

instability of identity -- talk about irony between "nobody
speaks"/speaker is speaking, which makes the speaker sort of
omniscient/body-less, then moves later to "My/I". Then what is the
reflection of nothing? **Must you be able to see to be seen? This is
directly related to love, disclosed, repels what it sees. Disclosure is
shedding light on something, not necessarily having it look back!!!!!
"Nobody speaks" -- is he nobody?**

enclosed space but also vast
